---
description: Want to integrate with Flaunch?
hidden: true
icon: stopwatch
---

# Quick Start

The Flaunch protocol provides a token creation mechanism that can be used for more than just a launchpad. Through either Solidity or JS integration, Flaunch can act as a powerful underlying resource for the creation of tokens with developers given complete flexibility of the underlying revenue model.&#x20;

Flaunch has undergone numerous audits and at it's core utilises Uniswap V4 for optimised, secure and extensible liquidity management.

## Exclusive Features

Our core features offer a range of benefits to supercharge your token. Some of these key features are:

#### [Fair Launch](../core-features/fixed-price-fair-launch.md)

When a coin is flaunched it enters into a Fixed Price Fair Launch. During this period a set number of coins are available to buy at a fixed price _for everyone_. This levels the playing field for all traders—from degens to bots.

#### [Untarnished Revenue Generation](../core-features/creator-revenue.md)

Swap fees are shared between creators (devs) and communities (auto buybacks) and the split is decided by the creator themselves. The dev can choose to take from 0% up to 100% of the coin's revenue. All revenue that is earned from the token is output as ETH, so you don't have to factor in logic to dump your token to realize revenue.

#### [Auto Buybacks / Progressive Bid Wall](../core-features/auto-buybacks.md)

Flaunch introduces a new Uniswap V4 hook called the "Progressive Bid Wall" (PBW) that uses the trading fees generated by the coin to protect its own price from dropping while accumulating tokens in the coin's treasury that can be used later.

## Treasury Managers

[Treasury Managers](treasury-managers/) allow for revenue generated by the ERC721 memestream to be handled by an intermediary contract. This allows a single contract implementation to hold one-or-more memestreams and manipulate the generated fees to it's own design.

Although we implement our own Treasury Manager Factory with audited and approved treasury managers to deploy against, any contract can hold the [memestream ](../core-features/memestream.md)to benefit to give you complete freedom.

#### Approved Treasury Manager Types

<details>

<summary>Revenue Manager</summary>

Launch tokens and capture a share of the revenue for each, without the heavy lifting.

[**Read more >**](treasury-managers/revenuemanager.md)

</details>

## Flaunch JS SDK

A TypeScript SDK for seamless interaction with the Flaunch protocol and Uniswap V4. No additional Solidity contracts needed, just hook directly into Flaunch with minimal lift.

* 🚀 Flaunch new memecoins
* 💱 Buy and sell memecoins via Uniswap V4 hooks
* 📊 Read functions for token and pool data
* 🔒 Built-in Permit2 support for gasless approvals
* 🔵 Works on Base and Base Sepolia networks

{% embed url="https://www.npmjs.com/package/@flaunch/sdk" %}

## Revenue Generation

So how can using Flaunch generate revenue? There are a number of ways that Flaunch can help to earn revenue for your platform.

### Implement Treasury Managers

All of the [creator fees](../core-features/creator-revenue.md) will be initially received by your Treasury Manager before then being routed to your end-user. This is a great scalable solution, allowing you to customise and obfuscate your end-user experience.

### Referrer Swap Fees

Every time a user makes a swap on Flaunch, if there is a referrer set then 5% of the swap fee will be allocated to the specified address before other fee distribution. This will not always be ETH, but it will allow for a treasury to be steadily built. You can find out more about [setting a swap referrer](guides/setting-a-swap-referrer.md) in our documentation.

## Can I build...

Chances are: yes! Below are some example of integrations that you can make, along with some suggested approaches. At it's core level though, if you want to leverage a secure and scalable token that provides ongoing revenue in pure ETH, then it can be built.

<details>

<summary>Token Launchpad</summary>

By launching tokens through Flaunch, the secure solidity side is taken care of, and you can take a flat percentage of fees before passing the remaining fees to your user. Coupling this with referrer swap fees, you can quickly build your treasury.

</details>

<details>

<summary>AI Agent</summary>

Whether integrating with Elisa OS or another AI platform, Flaunch can sit neatly into your AI repertoire by using our SDK. We are also currently working on releasing a public Elisa OS integration with Flaunch allowing tokens to be bought and sold, as well as flaunched.&#x20;

</details>

## Additional Support

If you're looking for some additional support from the team, be sure to reach out in the **#builders** channel in Discord, or in the Telegram chat below.

{% embed url="http://discord.gg/flaunch" %}
Join the #builders channel
{% endembed %}

{% embed url="http://t.me/flaunchgg" %}
